# Team



<table><thead><tr><th width="152">Full name</th><th>Linkedin</th><th width="146">Title</th><th>Experience</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Lucid Hoang</td><td><a href="https://vn.linkedin.com/in/lucidhoang">https://vn.linkedin.com/in/lucidhoang</a></td><td>CTO</td><td><p>Founder at UFIN</p><p>Advisor at Jeritex Advisor at Moniwar Latoken Vietnam Country Manager</p><p>5+ years of experience as Blockchain Project Manager.</p><p>4+ years of experience in entertainment games development for Asia market</p></td></tr><tr><td>Teddy Nguyen</td><td></td><td>CEO</td><td><p>Operating 2 traditional businesses in tourism and personal rental real estate</p><p>07 years of experience in Crypto investment. Training self-development thinking and team development</p><p>05 years of management in the field of ADS Marketing (website, youtube, Facebook)</p><p>Running development cryptof.ventures, ecoinbanks.com</p></td></tr><tr><td>Kellie Nguyen</td><td></td><td>Global PR and Marketing</td><td><p>10 years of experience in Digital Marketing, used to work in Media position (running ads, booking KOL, booking newspapers, monitoring KPIs...) for P2P Digital Agency, one of the big agencies in Vietnam specializing in Branding. Marketing Manager of Ben Thanh Invest Real Estate Company. Owning an advertising agency - specializing in Branding for Brands such as Tan Son Nhat, Sweethome Bakery, Hy Lam Mon, Botani Vietnam...</p><p>03 years of experience participating in the development of a number of Crypto projects as a bridge between founders and a number of exchanges as well as international partners to expand foreign relations.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Des Nguyen</td><td></td><td>Content Creator and Designer</td><td>Studying FPT Arena Hanoi 2006-2009 Skills: designing and building brand identity images, websites, ladipage, figma…. Design editing, After Effects video, Adobe Premiere. Graphic design Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator. 11 years design experience. Projects done: https://www.behance.net/Dzungnm084 https://www.facebook.com/thietkebannerpro</td></tr><tr><td>Jordan Duong</td><td></td><td>Account Manager</td><td>03 years of experience in managing social networks (youtube, tiktok, facebook) Having worked in marketing for 3 years at VTV3 TV station 2 years of experience in crypto investment</td></tr><tr><td>Robert Lam</td><td></td><td>Community Engagement and Strategy Lead</td><td><p>10 years of experience in website administration, content, SEO.</p><p>Co-founder at CryptoF.Ventures.</p><p>04 years of experience investing cryptocurrency news in Vietnam.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>
